Create modify-owner-column.md (#1753)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Docs/modify-owner-column.md

---
title: How do I populate the owner column in the generated docs?
description: "Modify owner column"
sidebar_label: 'Can I populate owner column in docs?'
id: modify-owner-column
---

> Unfortunately, you're unable to modify the owner column your generated documentation. 

Reviewer: I would avoid negative words like "unfortunately" when telling people we can't do something because of the tone it sets.

Maybe something like:
```suggestion
Due to the nature of the field, you won't be able to change the owner column in your generated documentation. 
```
